setup documentation updates (#6840)
HHS/simpler-grants-gov: documentation/api/development.md

### Setup

> These scripts depend on having `postgresql` installed in your enviornment as a pre-requisite.

Reviewer: A helpful link to the website will help users know what to do - and looks to be pretty thorough in handling all the various OS differences in installing (brew, apt, whatever WIndows is doing)

```suggestion
These scripts depend on having `postgresql` installed in your environment as a pre-requisite. Install instructions for your particular operating system can be found on the [Postgres website](https://www.postgresql.org/download/)
```

### Seed data

> Run `make db-seed-local-all-data` to create local data in the database and make it available in the API. This basically creates everything; if you want to be selective about what data you're seeding, see the Makefile for ways you can populate selective data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `make db-seed-local-all-data` to create local data in the database, search index and make it available in the API. This basically creates everything; if you want to be selective about what data you're seeding, see the Makefile for ways you can populate selective data.
```
